docs: implemented steps from tutorial video on Codespaces page (#3257)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs/docs/contribute/general/codespace.md

The interface is similar to that of
[Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/).

> The only tool you would require for software development is [Kustomize](https://kustomize.io/),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only additional tool you required for software development is [Kustomize](https://kustomize.io/),
```

> The only additional tool you required for software development is [Kustomize](https://kustomize.io/),

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The only additional tool required for software development is [Kustomize](https://kustomize.io/),
```

which is a Kubernetes configuration transformation tool.

> Installation is very easy: simply change your directory to the workspace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install it, simply change your directory to the workspace
```

>  as shown in the video and copy and paste the below-mentioned two commands.
> The first one will download the precompiled binary of Kustomize,
>  and the second command will grant the necessary permissions to the tool and set the path.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
as shown in the video and copy and paste the below-mentioned two commands.
The first one will download the precompiled binary of Kustomize,
and the second command will grant the necessary permissions to the tool and set the path.
```

You can always download the latest binaries from the official [Kustomize GitHub repository](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kustomize/releases).

```bash

> 
> 1) curl -s "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubernetes-sigs/kustomize/master/hack/install_kustomize.sh" | bash
> 
> 2) sudo install -o root -g root -m 0755 kustomize /usr/local/bin/kustomize

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest to remove the enumerators - this way these commands can be copy-pasted directly

```suggestion

curl -s "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubernetes-sigs/kustomize/master/hack/install_kustomize.sh" | bash

sudo install -o root -g root -m 0755 kustomize /usr/local/bin/kustomize
```
